Can you walk?
younger sister
It's not just my sister who is offended by the dragon's death
Here is an apology for my sister.
How arrogant when punishing me?
It's not too late to pay me now
You are poor
I can't touch you.
But I still can't move
This bump into the yellow maid
Let him take care of today's affairs
Come
Drag this maid down and hit 50 big boards for me
Throw it into the well
Empress save me get out
I do everything I need to apologize for
Now I'm leaving, I'll see who dares to stop my emperor from arriving
See the emperor
I didn't expect Empress Yuanping to come too
Empress Yuanping's news is well-informed
An Guiren is pregnant
Come as soon as possible
Your relationship is really good, Your Majesty
Empress, do you have to make the decision for the concubine?
He didn't come to see me at all
He's here to hurt me
What does it look like?
What's the matter?
The emperor is the maid
Crash into me in the imperial garden
I just want to punish him a little
I didn't expect Empress Yuanping to be so protective
Punish me to kneel under the scorching sun for an hour
Emperor
He clearly wanted to harm his concubine
Dragon Temple among the concubines